W-19652742-MMP-runtimeVersion-dm (#3166)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/package-a-mule-application.adoc

+
See xref:mmp-concept.adoc#add-mmp[Add the Mule Maven Plugin to a Mule Project] for instructions.

> == Specify the Mule Runtime Version for Packaging

Reviewer: should we clarify that this is available from MMP 4.6.0?

> You can specify the Mule runtime version that the Mule framework uses during the packaging process by adding the `runtimeVersion` property in the Mule Maven plugin configuration in your `pom.xml` file:

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with Mule Maven plugin 4.6.0, tou can specify the Mule runtime version that the Mule framework uses during the packaging process by adding the `runtimeVersion` property in the Mule Maven plugin configuration in your `pom.xml` file:
```

> Starting with Mule Maven plugin 4.6.0, tou can specify the Mule runtime version that the Mule framework uses during the packaging process by adding the `runtimeVersion` property in the Mule Maven plugin configuration in your `pom.xml` file:

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with Mule Maven plugin 4.6.0, you can specify the Mule runtime version that the Mule framework uses during the packaging process by adding the `runtimeVersion` property in the Mule Maven plugin configuration in your `pom.xml` file:
```
